Remove logical/native threads distinction from Concurrency Basics doc (#558)
typelevel/cats-effect: site/src/main/tut/concurrency/basics.md

Now it will keep printing both `1` and `2` but neither `11` nor `22`. What changed?
Those thread pools are independent and interleave because of thread scheduling done by the operating system.

> Basically the thread pool decides which task gets a thread to run but OS decided what is actually running on the CPU.

Reviewer: Grammar:

```suggestion
Basically, the thread pool decides which task gets a thread to run but the OS decides what is actually evaluating on the CPU.
```
